great work man, first, it looks amazing. pretty much exactly as I had hoped!

so very nice work

a few small changes

1. when the user registers for an account, lets have them automatically signed in 
after they register. with maybe a few second redirect screen which says... 
"Your account has been created, we are taking you to your notes..."

2. i'd like to use a color scheme more like apple notes,

https://support.apple.com/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/ios/ios11-iphone7-notes-format-note.jpg

3. can we get a login with facebook feature. let me know your facebook ID, 
or add me as a friend, https://www.facebook.com/arron.ras

so I can give you developer access to a faecbook app ID

4. can we have a "confirm delete" when the user X's a note. 
"Are you sure you want to delete this note?"

5. I see the option to upload a photo, but I don't see it appear in the note when I add it,

maybe at the bottom of the note, we could have the menu options, 
in a way that people just see, without having to click the menu (leave the menu in the top right tho, that will be good for mobile view)

but at the bottom of the note, we could have, the private/public option, 
we could also have the show the link, and an insert photo option, note... 
i'd like to be possible to insert multiple photos inside a note, 
and be able to move them around within the text,


next
http://www.notethis.org/notes/view/rmsIC1526669099

on the note show page,
the format can be a little different,

let's use the first line, and put it into a header tag, let's use the header as the page title as well,

we can change it so it's not a "tab view" anymore, but looks more like a very simple, but attractive blog post

, also one small bug,
if my note is very short, right now, when I click the menu option, the layer of the menu is behind the layer 
of the note, so you cant see the menu options, unless you type to make the note longer.

also, when making the window size smaller, the notes should condense down like they do with chrome, so they 
get smaller and smaller, up until a certain minimum size, then they start scrolling,
so we need to make sure that the mobile experience is easy to use,

(when sizing down right now, the notes also seem to jump out of their tabs)

thanks man!!

also, one more strange thing,in chrome,when I type  note,I pressed enter twice, and it goes down two 
lines, but then the cursor jumps back up to the top line after a second or two...Sent on:2:56 amFrom:Arron CEOand 
one questionwould it be difficult to encrypt notes in the database, so that they are all secure incase of hacking,are 
passwords currently also encrypted?we need to think about making sure that peoples notes are secure...Sent on:3:17 am
From:Arron CEO
one more thing..only the first line of a note should be used as the note tab titleright now, 
if you press enter, and keep typing, the tab uses all of the text as the title,

Sent on:3:22 am
From:Arron CEOalsoi'd like if the order of the tabs could be changed, so, you could drag and drop the order 
of them,and actually,let's made the delete button pop up a dialogue, that asks, "Would you like to delete or 
archive this note?"if a note is archived, it will appear in a new section, called note management, 
(which will sort of be like the "all notes" section) but from this section, the user will be able to 
add notes to move notes between the active tab display, and the archive, and there could also be a 
search feature here, that searches through a users notes, for a string match,
